docs/Introduction/levels.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Grant Levels
---

<!-- # :level_slider: Levels -->

The W3F Grants Program offers different grant levels to help you best depending on your current stage.

## :hatching_chick: Level 1 (= InstaGrants)

- **Target:** Individuals & small teams
- **Amount:** Up to $10,000
- **Requirements:** 2 approvals
- **Benefits:** Feedback during application process and evaluation, introduction to related teams/projects

## :baby_chick: Level 2

- **Target:** Small teams/start-ups
- **Amount:** Up to $30,000
- **Requirements:** 3 approvals
- **Benefits:** All of the above + [co-promotion](../Support%20Docs/announcement-guidelines.md), [Grants Program badge](../Support%20Docs/grant-badge-guidelines.md) and fast track to [Substrate Builders Program](https://www.substrate.io/builders-program/)

## :rooster: Level 3

- **Target:** Companies/foundations with a proven track record
- **Amount:** Unlimited
- **Requirements:** 5 approvals (for >$100k: Web3 Foundation Council approval + Pitch call)
- **Benefits:** All of the above + VC introductions

Commit message:

Tailored docs in the folders named Introduction, Process and RFPs

docs/Introduction/levels.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Grant Levels
---

<!-- # :level_slider: Levels -->

The Energy Web Community Fund Grants Program offers different grant levels to help you best depending on your current stage. Here’s a summary of each along with requirements that applicants should consider, greater benefits entail greater accountability. Review all the requirements in the [Guidelines](#guidelines).

#### :hatching_chick: Level 1: Applications requesting grants up to EUR 0-25,000: 

Applications in this category should consider:
- Projects under this category should have a short implementation window, lasting no longer than 4 months.
- Will document the outcomes of the project and present them to the EWC community. 
- Will be voted unanimously by the Community Fund Committee on behalf of the EWC Validators.

#### :baby_chick: Level 2: Applications requesting grants up to EUR 25,000-100,000: 

Applications in this category should consider:
- Projects under this category should have a medium implementation window, lasting no longer than 6 months.
- Applicants will write a concise report comprising a substantive and financial section.
- Applicants will document the outcomes of the project and present them to the EWC community. 
- Applications will be voted unanimously by the Community Fund Committee on behalf of the EWC Validators.

#### :rooster: Level 3: Applications requesting grants up to EUR >100,000: 

**Note**: Projects under this category should have a long implementation window, lasting no longer than 1 year. 

Applications in this category should consider:
- Applicants will write a concise report comprising a substantive and financial section.
- Applicants will document the outcomes of the project and present them to the EWC community. 
- Applications will be voted by the whole EWC Validator Community.
- Applicants will need to be endorsed by one active EWC Validator.
